hey it's DJ Chris and I've got a product
review for you today I've been doing up
lighting for the last year or so and
I've literally taken my par 56 cans and
just tossed them in the back of my gear
van
and they're looking a little rough I'm
gonna have this pan and kind of do some
work to make it look good but now I can
because I've got a new case this is
frame is from Gator cases and it is
there are 64 led back yeah this
particular endemic conversion holds for
version it does eight this is the eight
Burton I'll give you a close-up here in
a second but the way this works is
there's a device they come with dividers
two removable you can take it out what's
also cool is it's collapsible so you
collapse it down in this case the
strings down about half its size so that
gives you space for so I'm running 12 up
lights now I got two of these cases
double each hole Hey so it means we're
now over 416 lights so I might as well
get four more let me get the camera up
close and we'll take a look at and see
what's not alright so here is a little
better shot of the case here we've got
two sections of four so eight lights
altogether again these sections are
removable there's velcro to help hold
them in so they don't just fall out on
you we've got a handle there's a handle
there on the side there is a handle on
the bottom and there's a handle on the
top egg there's four handles on these
remove my camera here there's the bottom
there's fee for it to rest on when you
put it vertically and there's also a set
of wheels on the bottom let me flip the
lid closed
on the top or front whatever you want to
call it there is a bag on the front
where you can put DMX cables manuals DMX
terminators using those little 3 channel
controllers you can practice it in there
if I might show stress dongle in there
just by thing you won't go in that front
a little pouch really handy let's take a
look at the top top is really basic just
a handle there so that you can kick it
back on those wheels and pull it along
as rigid this is this should stack well
or you could just put them vertical and
you're in your gear truck gear van
whatever you can that is the basics let
me grab 8 cans and we'll fill this up
and see what it looks like all right so
now we've got we've got them all loaded
got 8 Park hands in here now I only use
par for these sixes I think they work
well I don't really need like the output
of a par 64 anything crazy that little 8
stands that we made out of the aluminum
piping just welded them together these
are what need the paint the Park hands
aren't they're in pretty good shape
it's the stands that need a couple more
coats of paint and then maybe some clear
coat anyway the reason I got the par 56
case instead of the bar I'm sorry the
par 64 case instead of the part 56 case
well I don't even think they make a par
codices case anyway the reason I'm okay
with the bigger one is because these
eight stands take up a little more room
than what the park can does so they fit
in very easily they're cushioned there's
a little bit of a foam on either side of
this so this case is gonna work
fantastically for me no more taking
three or four trips to get to get my
lights in and out of the venue two cases
on rolling wheels or I can set them on
top of another toe as I'm rolling it in
and bringing all the lights in one chunk
instead of having to go back and take a
lot of trips so that is the brand new as
far as I know these are brand spankin
new on the market I work for a gator
dealer and I place the pre-order for
them and just got them in so I think
they just hit the market so check it out
it's the par 64 LED case if you're
familiar with anything from Gator they
make keyboard cases that are kind of
Lord of this not as tall but similarity
and they don't have that you know the
dividers in them but still it's kind of
a it's a Rolly bag and really handy I
also got they have a case that has holds
four color strips or mega bars or or
whatever kind of strip lighting you have
holds four of those I'm gonna show you
that here in a minute but that is the
par sixty-four back from Gator check it
out don't remember how much it goes for
reasonably priced and it's worth it to
protect your gear I wish I would have
got there would have been available when
I started doing up lighting I think skb
makes one the next think the
discontinued them now if you guys are
running the new the flat bar pros from
eternal or tri sevens you could probably
use this case and get ten times as many
lights in it because they're way way
smaller I'm still running
actual can-can lights I kind of like the
looks of cans the flat ones look cool
but I kind of look like the look of an
actual can it's just me maybe it's
because I don't have the money right now
to buy the mega bar bar the sorry the
flat part pros but anyway
check out the case hope you enjoyed the
review you'll be seeing it at gigs in
the upcoming future ok I wanted to show
you one more thing the one at the bottom
those two cases they're stacked the ones
bottom it has the little partitions
folded out and set up and the lights are
in and there's eight lights in it the
one at the top I just pulled out of the
the original packing box and that is how
I shipped it is shipped that small I
thought it was a half it's like a
quarter of the height it is fully
assembled they've collapsed those little
partitions and just laid them in there
so after you get to your gig get all
your lighting set up and you know you
need to store all your boxes and bags
and and your rode cases somewhere you
could collapse these down just being you
know at four or five inches thick
instead of being the 16 plus inches they
are when they're fully assembled with
the lights on them so that's really
handy you know we need once you settle
your lights up you can shrink these
things down and stow them away so they
don't take a bluffer thought you might
want that got out practice and enjoy